---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hiveio_external_guest Resource - terraform-provider-hiveio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can be used to add an external guest for access through the broker.
---

# hiveio_external_guest (Resource)

This resource can be used to add an external guest for access through the broker.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "address" {
  type = string
}

resource "hiveio_external_guest" "desktop" {
  name = "desktop"

  # Address can be an ip address or hostname
  address = var.address

  username = "user1"
  realm    = "realm_name"
  os       = "linux"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) Hostname or ip address
- `name` (String)
- `realm` (String) The realm of the user or ad_group.
- `username` (String) The user assignment for broker access

### Optional

- `ad_group` (String) The active directory group assignment for broker access
- `broker_connection` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--broker_connection))
- `broker_default_connection` (String) Defaults to ``.
- `disable_port_check` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `os` (String)
- `profile` (String) The id of a profile to use for the guest in version 8.6.0 and later.
- `provider_override` (Block List, Max: 1) Override the provider configuration for this resource.  This can be used to connect to a different cluster or change credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provider_override))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--broker_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `broker_connection`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String) Defaults to ``.
- `disable_html5` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `gateway` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--broker_connection--gateway))

<a id="nestedblock--broker_connection--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `broker_connection.gateway`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `protocols` (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--provider_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_override`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for connection to the server.

Optional:

- `host` (String) hostname or ip address of the server.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Ignore SSL certificate errors. Defaults to `false`.
- `port` (Number) The port to use to connect to the server. Defaults to 8443
- `realm` (String, Sensitive) The realm to use to connect to the server. Defaults to local
- `username` (String) The username to connect to the server. Defaults to admin


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String)
