---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hiveio_host Resource - terraform-provider-hiveio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# hiveio_host (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "ip_address" {
  type = string
}


resource "hiveio_host" "host" {
  ip_address = var.ip_address
  username   = "admin"
  password   = "password"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `password` (String, Sensitive)

### Optional

- `gateway_only` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `hostname` (String)
- `ip_address` (String)
- `license` (String) unused field to add a license as a dependency
- `log_level` (String) set the host log level
- `max_clone_density` (Number) set the max clone density for the host
- `ntp_servers` (String) set the ntp servers for the host as a comma separated list
- `provider_override` (Block List, Max: 1) Override the provider configuration for this resource.  This can be used to connect to a different cluster or change credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provider_override))
- `state` (String) host state Defaults to `available`.
- `timezone` (String) set the timezone for the host
- `username` (String) Defaults to `admin`.

### Read-Only

- `cluster_id` (String)
- `existing_host` (Boolean)
- `hostid` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--provider_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_override`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for connection to the server.

Optional:

- `host` (String) hostname or ip address of the server.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Ignore SSL certificate errors. Defaults to `false`.
- `port` (Number) The port to use to connect to the server. Defaults to 8443
- `realm` (String, Sensitive) The realm to use to connect to the server. Defaults to local
- `username` (String) The username to connect to the server. Defaults to admin
