---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hiveio_host_iscsi Resource - terraform-provider-hiveio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Adds an iscsi disk to a host in the Hive cluster.
---

# hiveio_host_iscsi (Resource)

Adds an iscsi disk to a host in the Hive cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hiveio_host_iscsi" "iscsi-test" {
  hostid   = hiveio_host.id
  portal   = "iscsi-portal-address"
  target   = "iqn.2000-01.com.synology:synology.Target-1.444c59e2ab"
  username = "iscsi-user"
  password = "iscsi-password"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hostid` (String) id of the host for the iscsi connection
- `portal` (String) the iscsi portal address
- `target` (String) the iscsi target to attach

### Optional

- `password` (String, Sensitive) password to use for authentication Defaults to ``.
- `provider_override` (Block List, Max: 1) Override the provider configuration for this resource.  This can be used to connect to a different cluster or change credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provider_override))
- `username` (String) username to use for authentication Defaults to ``.

### Read-Only

- `block_devices` (List of Object) list of block devices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--block_devices))
- `discovered_portal` (String) the discovered portal address
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--provider_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_override`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for connection to the server.

Optional:

- `host` (String) hostname or ip address of the server.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Ignore SSL certificate errors. Defaults to `false`.
- `port` (Number) The port to use to connect to the server. Defaults to 8443
- `realm` (String, Sensitive) The realm to use to connect to the server. Defaults to local
- `username` (String) The username to connect to the server. Defaults to admin


<a id="nestedatt--block_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `block_devices`

Read-Only:

- `fstype` (String)
- `label` (String)
- `model` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `serial` (String)
- `size` (String)
- `vendor` (String)
