---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hiveio_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-hiveio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# hiveio_virtual_machine (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hiveio_virtual_machine" "win10" {
  name           = "win10"
  cpu            = 2
  memory         = 4096
  firmware       = "uefi"
  os             = "win10"
  display_driver = "qxl"
  inject_agent   = true
  disk {
    disk_driver = "virtio"
    storage_id  = hiveio_storage_pool.vms.id
    filename    = "windows-uefi.qcow2"
    type        = "disk"
  }
  interface {
    emulation = "virtio"
    network   = "prod"
    vlan      = 0
  }
  backup {
    enabled   = true
    frequency = "daily"
    target    = hiveio_storage_pool.backup.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpu` (Number)
- `memory` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `os` (String)

### Optional

- `allowed_hosts` (List of String)
- `backup` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--backup))
- `broker_connection` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--broker_connection))
- `broker_default_connection` (String) Defaults to ``.
- `cloudinit_enabled` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `cloudinit_networkconfig` (String) Defaults to ``.
- `cloudinit_userdata` (String) Defaults to ``.
- `disk` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disk))
- `display_driver` (String) Defaults to `cirrus`.
- `firmware` (String) Defaults to `uefi`.
- `gpu` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `inject_agent` (Boolean) Defaults to `true`.
- `interface` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))
- `provider_override` (Block List, Max: 1) Override the provider configuration for this resource.  This can be used to connect to a different cluster or change credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--provider_override))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for_ready` (Boolean) Wait for the VM to be ready before returning. Default is true. Defaults to `true`.
- `wait_for_ready_method` (String) Wait for the VM to reach a specific state. Allowed values are 'targetState', 'ready', and 'ipAddress'. Defaults to `targetState`.

### Read-Only

- `guest_name` (String) The name of the vm from the guest record
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `frequency` (String)
- `target` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--broker_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `broker_connection`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String) Defaults to ``.
- `disable_html5` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `gateway` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--broker_connection--gateway))

<a id="nestedblock--broker_connection--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `broker_connection.gateway`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Defaults to `false`.
- `protocols` (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Required:

- `filename` (String)
- `storage_id` (String)

Optional:

- `disk_driver` (String) Defaults to `virtio`.
- `type` (String) Defaults to `Disk`.

Read-Only:

- `dev` (String)
- `size` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Required:

- `network` (String)

Optional:

- `emulation` (String) Defaults to `virtio`.
- `vlan` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String)
- `mac_address` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--provider_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_override`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for connection to the server.

Optional:

- `host` (String) hostname or ip address of the server.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Ignore SSL certificate errors. Defaults to `false`.
- `port` (Number) The port to use to connect to the server. Defaults to 8443
- `realm` (String, Sensitive) The realm to use to connect to the server. Defaults to local
- `username` (String) The username to connect to the server. Defaults to admin


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
